Tile card: add section on reordering features (#32785)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/tile.markdown

You want to colorize the tile card? Choose one of the following colors: `primary`, `accent`, `disabled`, `red`, `pink`, `purple`, `deep-purple`, `indigo`, `blue`, `light-blue`, `cyan`, `teal`, `green`, `light-green`, `lime`, `yellow`, `amber`, `orange`, `deep-orange`, `brown`, `grey`, `blue-grey`, `black` and `white`.

## Reordering features

Some features of the tile card, such as the presets or the HVAC modes of a
thermostat, can show many buttons. While you can limit the buttons you’d
like to see, they may not be in the desired order.

For your thermostat, that means you can reorder the HVAC modes or presets.

<p class='img'>

>     <img src="/images/blog/2024-05/tile-card-reorder-features.gif" alt="Screenrecording showing how you can now reorder the HVAC modes on the thermostat shown in a tile card.."/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="/images/blog/2024-05/tile-card-reorder-features.gif" alt=" Screen recording showing how you can now reorder the HVAC modes on the thermostat shown in a tile card."/>
```
